About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: pink
Pink lamps
When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: blue
Blue lamps


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how effortful playing the game was.
1
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how complex you thought the game was.
2
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how well you understood the game.
4: perfectly


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please describe in detail the strategy you used to make your choices in the game.
-------
I tried to pick always the same, becaus of the Wahrscheinlichkeit. When I always pick the same the Wahrscheinlichkeit is higher to earn money. But sometimes I got bored or tired and I tried the other collour.
-------


About the food choice task

What colour represents a health rating?
Orange
What colour represents a taste rating?
Green
Where on the screen are the health ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Lower half of the screen
Where on the screen are the taste ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Upper half of the screen


About the food choice task

Concerning my food choices…
I tried to keep to the health goal most of the time, but sometimes chose a better tasting, less healthy food
How difficult did you find the food ratings task?
not easy but not very difficult
How difficult did you find the food choice task?
difficult: because 
-------
I knew that Darvida isnt that healthy and I didnt ike it, I would prefer everytime the healthy food, But i made a mistake in rating darvida as unhealthy. I knew the other things werent that much more unhealthy. i would have preferet salat or tomatoes more
-------


About the whole experiment

Do you have any other feedback/issue/concern you would like to tell us about?


About the whole experiment

Thank you for participating in this experiment! Please make sure you completed the questionnaire,
then submit it below.


