About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: blue
Blue lamps
When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: pink
Pink lamps


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how well you understood the game.
4: perfectly
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how complex you thought the game was.
2
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how effortful playing the game was.
1


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please describe in detail the strategy you used to make your choices in the game.
-------
First I tried to find out with witch sign i got to witch mountain. 
Then i tried to fnd a genie who liked my music, if I have found one i went back to the same genie as long as he liked my music. At the moment he didn t liked my music anymore i tried to find a new genie. I did that till the game was over.
-------


About the food choice task

What colour represents a health rating?
Green
What colour represents a taste rating?
Orange
Where on the screen are the health ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Lower half of the screen
Where on the screen are the taste ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Upper half of the screen


About the food choice task

Concerning my food choices…
I tried to keep to the health goal most of the time, but sometimes chose a better tasting, less healthy food
How difficult did you find the food ratings task?
not easy but not very difficult
How difficult did you find the food choice task?
easy


About the whole experiment

Do you have any other feedback/issue/concern you would like to tell us about?
-------
I felt pretty confortable, and I got great cookies. 
Thank you
-------


About the whole experiment

Thank you for participating in this experiment! Please make sure you completed the questionnaire,
then submit it below.


