About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: blue
Blue lamps
When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: pink
Pink lamps


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how complex you thought the game was.
2
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how effortful playing the game was.
3
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how well you understood the game.
4: perfectly


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please describe in detail the strategy you used to make your choices in the game.
-------
First of all, to remember exactly the symbols I tried to figure them out as animals or body parts. This helped me to link symbols to color lamps or to winning probability.

At the beginning of the game, I started choosing randomly between on of the two boxes and then between one of the lamps. If win, then I continued to test the same combination, until when I obtained two consecutive losses. If the first choice was a loss, then I immediately changed combination at the following step. I iterated this decisional process throughout all the game. When two consecutive losses occured after a positive strike, I tried to change combination. If any of the other 3 lamps gave a good result, I came back to test the one which was previously giving me a positive strike. If the result was still a loss, I definitely abandoned that lamp with that symbol for some time.
-------


About the food choice task

What colour represents a health rating?
Orange
What colour represents a taste rating?
Green
Where on the screen are the health ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Lower half of the screen
Where on the screen are the taste ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Upper half of the screen


About the food choice task

Concerning my food choices…
I tried to keep to the health goal most of the time, but sometimes chose a better tasting, less healthy food
How difficult did you find the food ratings task?
not easy but not very difficult
How difficult did you find the food choice task?
not easy but not very difficult


About the whole experiment

Do you have any other feedback/issue/concern you would like to tell us about?


About the whole experiment

Thank you for participating in this experiment! Please make sure you completed the questionnaire,
then submit it below.


