About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: blue
Blue lamps
When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: pink
Pink lamps


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how complex you thought the game was.
2
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how effortful playing the game was.
3
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how well you understood the game.
4: perfectly


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please describe in detail the strategy you used to make your choices in the game.
-------
In general I always tryed to remember the one that was the winning lamp for each colour. So I would choose the same one again. If it didnt give me the coin I would keep the other sign in mind and go for that one, the next time  that colour came up.

First  I went for one box trying to figure out if it is a "nice one". This wasnt always equally easy so I went back and forth sometimes. 

Few times I broke my pattern - when I felt like it or when I was not focused enough.
-------


About the food choice task

What colour represents a health rating?
Green
What colour represents a taste rating?
Orange
Where on the screen are the health ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Lower half of the screen
Where on the screen are the taste ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Upper half of the screen


About the food choice task

Concerning my food choices…
I tried to keep to the health goal most of the time, but sometimes chose a better tasting, less healthy food
How difficult did you find the food ratings task?
not easy but not very difficult
How difficult did you find the food choice task?
not easy but not very difficult


About the whole experiment

Do you have any other feedback/issue/concern you would like to tell us about?
-------
Concerning the healthyness: For me the food chioce depends on how hungry I am, since a zucchini wouldnt fill me but some darvida would do so. But I would prefer to prepare a meal with zucchinis rather than eatin a pack of darvida. 

Also the darvida was out of date. I dont mind, but just saying
-------


About the whole experiment

Thank you for participating in this experiment! Please make sure you completed the questionnaire,
then submit it below.


