About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: blue
Blue lamps
When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: pink
Pink lamps


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how effortful playing the game was.
3
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how complex you thought the game was.
4: extremely
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how well you understood the game.
2


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please describe in detail the strategy you used to make your choices in the game.
-------
I thought the 4 symbols were similar 2 by 2. Two of them were more similar to the letter "U" while the other twos to the letter "T". When a lamp gave me the money, the following round I used to choose the same box and the symbol corresponding to the letter "T" or "U". 
Aften the first break, when I heard taps coming from outside I used to change the box. For a certain period I thought that short tap meant "change box" and longer tap "change box AND letter"
-------


About the food choice task

What colour represents a health rating?
Green
What colour represents a taste rating?
Orange
Where on the screen are the health ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Lower half of the screen
Where on the screen are the taste ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Upper half of the screen


About the food choice task

Concerning my food choices…
I tried to keep to the health goal most of the time, but sometimes chose a better tasting, less healthy food
How difficult did you find the food ratings task?
easy
How difficult did you find the food choice task?
difficult: because 
-------
very similar products in terms of health and taste were shown.
-------


About the whole experiment

Do you have any other feedback/issue/concern you would like to tell us about?


About the whole experiment

Thank you for participating in this experiment! Please make sure you completed the questionnaire,
then submit it below.


