About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: pink
Pink lamps
When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: blue
Blue lamps


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how well you understood the game.
3
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how effortful playing the game was.
3
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how complex you thought the game was.
1


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please describe in detail the strategy you used to make your choices in the game.
-------
As far as I understood, the wind changed the destination with some probability. Then, the reward for a given lamp was either 1 or 0 but sometimes changed for a short period, so usually it was some the same reward for a specific lamp, but I could be wrong.
Initially I had to explore the results for all the lamps, to see which give 1 more frequently. Then, I tried to go to these lamps that seemed lke the usually returned 1.
Finally, if a lamp was not giving the good reward, then I would try not to visit it.
And lastly, as sometimes I could arrive to the wrong destination, I did not want to accidentally arrive to a mountain where both lamps were bad, so I tried to explore/visit different destinations first (as in, one lamp in each), but I am not sure if this had any effect.
-------


About the food choice task

What colour represents a health rating?
Green
What colour represents a taste rating?
Orange
Where on the screen are the health ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Lower half of the screen
Where on the screen are the taste ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Upper half of the screen


About the food choice task

Concerning my food choices…
I tried to keep to the health goal most of the time, but sometimes chose a better tasting, less healthy food
How difficult did you find the food ratings task?
easy
How difficult did you find the food choice task?
not easy but not very difficult


About the whole experiment

Do you have any other feedback/issue/concern you would like to tell us about?
-------
Personally I really do not like fish, although I think it may be healthy. Therefore, when given a blind choice, I would prefer to choose something tasty, to minimize the risk of getting fish at the end.

Another thing is that some of the items were unknown to me, so I had to kind of guess what they were. Sometimes their name was in German.
-------


About the whole experiment

Thank you for participating in this experiment! Please make sure you completed the questionnaire,
then submit it below.


