About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: pink
Blue lamps
When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: blue
Pink lamps


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how well you understood the game.
3
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how complex you thought the game was.
2
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how effortful playing the game was.
3


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please describe in detail the strategy you used to make your choices in the game.
-------
At fisrt I randomly chose one of the boxes and then randomly one of the symbols on the lamps.
For the next round I chose the same box and the same symbol if possble, if the colours had changed I would then choose a new symbol at random. 
Due to the genie appearing randomly, I would only swap my symbol on the lamp if that lamp had yielded no coin for 2-3 times in a row or overall only 50% of the time. 
While this was going on I tried to keep track of which colour yielded more coins in general. If I felt that the more lucrative colour was appearing less often I would switch the box.

 I tried to keep to this system, but I doubt that I managed to follow it exactly, as I could not write down what the results had been.
-------


About the food choice task

What colour represents a health rating?
Orange
What colour represents a taste rating?
Green
Where on the screen are the health ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Lower half of the screen
Where on the screen are the taste ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Upper half of the screen


About the food choice task

Concerning my food choices…
I tried to keep to the health goal most of the time, but sometimes chose a better tasting, less healthy food
How difficult did you find the food ratings task?
easy
How difficult did you find the food choice task?
not easy but not very difficult


About the whole experiment

Do you have any other feedback/issue/concern you would like to tell us about?


About the whole experiment

Thank you for participating in this experiment! Please make sure you completed the questionnaire,
then submit it below.


