About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: pink
Pink lamps
When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: blue
Blue lamps


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how effortful playing the game was.
3
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how well you understood the game.
4: perfectly
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how complex you thought the game was.
3


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please describe in detail the strategy you used to make your choices in the game.
-------
After a successful choice I tried to go for the same option again. Most often the colour changed (due to the wind) and you rarely got the chance to choose the same again right after. 
After a failure I always remebered with single key words, which bottle I would choose according to the previous result. e.g. for the pink bottles I either remembered circle or tirangle, for the blue bottles I remembered cut (horizontal line) or stitch (more vertical line). This way I was ready to make quick decisions when unexpected wind came up. I repeated these key words over and over again until I had another failure and therefore needed to change my next choice.
I found it difficult when both bottles of one colour just one after the other were failures. Should I now change again to the first or should I try to stick with the second one. I could not really figure out a pattern, which one rather changes his mind and might prefer to listen to music next time.
-------


About the food choice task

What colour represents a health rating?
Orange
What colour represents a taste rating?
Green
Where on the screen are the health ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Lower half of the screen
Where on the screen are the taste ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Upper half of the screen


About the food choice task

Concerning my food choices…
I tried to keep to the health goal most of the time, but sometimes chose a better tasting, less healthy food
How difficult did you find the food ratings task?
easy
How difficult did you find the food choice task?
not easy but not very difficult


About the whole experiment

Do you have any other feedback/issue/concern you would like to tell us about?
-------
I liked the genie game. Somehow the second part I found most "exhausting" concerning concentration.
I was at some point a bit confused with the carpets, the blue mountains matches with the "wave" and the pink mountain matches with the "vase in the ground". In the second part I had the impression the wind came up very often. Which made me at some point insecure about how I remembered.
The game seemed more tricky in the MRI than on the trial before.
-------


About the whole experiment

Thank you for participating in this experiment! Please make sure you completed the questionnaire,
then submit it below.


