About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: blue
Blue lamps
When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: pink
Pink lamps


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how effortful playing the game was.
2
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how well you understood the game.
4: perfectly
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how complex you thought the game was.
1


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please describe in detail the strategy you used to make your choices in the game.
-------
When I found the lamp, where the djinni was hidden, I tried to refind it in the next round and so on until the djinni was not there anymore. So for example, when the djinni was in a blue lamp, I mostly tried to open the box where the blue lamps were to reopen the same lamp. Once the djinni was gone, I tried to switch to the other colour and find the djinni there. Then, if the djinni was in one of the two lamps for several times, as soon as it was not there anymore, I tried to open the other lamp of this colour because I thought that it might have changed. Sometimes, it was also just simple intuition.
-------


About the food choice task

What colour represents a health rating?
Green
What colour represents a taste rating?
Orange
Where on the screen are the health ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Lower half of the screen
Where on the screen are the taste ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Upper half of the screen


About the food choice task

Concerning my food choices…
I tried to keep to the health goal most of the time, but sometimes chose a better tasting, less healthy food
How difficult did you find the food ratings task?
not easy but not very difficult
How difficult did you find the food choice task?

-------
I had to choose sellerie over haribo
-------


About the whole experiment

Do you have any other feedback/issue/concern you would like to tell us about?


About the whole experiment

Thank you for participating in this experiment! Please make sure you completed the questionnaire,
then submit it below.


