About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: blue
Blue lamps
When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: pink
Pink lamps


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how well you understood the game.
3
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how complex you thought the game was.
1
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how effortful playing the game was.
2


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please describe in detail the strategy you used to make your choices in the game.
-------
First sample until finding one that seems good, then sticking to that one, unless/until it turns out to not be good. Then if I had to change/the old one did not give any coins for a few rounds, I went to another one that seemed good (eg from the other color, from a few samples in between of lamps of the other colour), or to one that I hadnt tested for a long time. I also tried going back to lamps that used to be good, because it might have been that their probability went up again.
I also tried to count.
-------


About the food choice task

What colour represents a health rating?
Green
What colour represents a taste rating?
Orange
Where on the screen are the health ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Lower half of the screen
Where on the screen are the taste ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Upper half of the screen


About the food choice task

Concerning my food choices…
I did not try to keep the health goal at all
How difficult did you find the food ratings task?
not easy but not very difficult
How difficult did you find the food choice task?
easy


About the whole experiment

Do you have any other feedback/issue/concern you would like to tell us about?
-------
I bet you dont have the icecream... :´(
-------


About the whole experiment

Thank you for participating in this experiment! Please make sure you completed the questionnaire,
then submit it below.


