About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: pink
Blue lamps
When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: blue
Pink lamps


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how well you understood the game.
4: perfectly
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how complex you thought the game was.
2
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how effortful playing the game was.
3


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please describe in detail the strategy you used to make your choices in the game.
-------
First, i tried at random to find out, which simbol would lead to which outcome. I would try to remember my choices, but was not fully concentrated due to the stange environemnt. 
If I was successful, I tried to stay in my line, until there were several times a negative output. As it was explained, that the gains can diminish from time to time, I then changed the strategy in the same box, but with the different lamp. 
As both would lead to unsuccessful outcome,  I also tried to change the box and started from there as well, finding out, which lamp would lead to a better money outcome.
-------


About the food choice task

What colour represents a health rating?
Orange
What colour represents a taste rating?
Green
Where on the screen are the health ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Lower half of the screen
Where on the screen are the taste ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Upper half of the screen


About the food choice task

Concerning my food choices…
I tried to keep to the health goal most of the time, but sometimes chose a better tasting, less healthy food
How difficult did you find the food ratings task?
easy
How difficult did you find the food choice task?
not easy but not very difficult


About the whole experiment

Do you have any other feedback/issue/concern you would like to tell us about?


About the whole experiment

Thank you for participating in this experiment! Please make sure you completed the questionnaire,
then submit it below.


