About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: pink
Pink lamps
When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: blue
Blue lamps


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how effortful playing the game was.
2
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how well you understood the game.
4: perfectly
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how complex you thought the game was.
3


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please describe in detail the strategy you used to make your choices in the game.
-------
At the beginning of each task I just tried one out. If I didn't get a coin, I tried the next one. As soon as I got one, I tried it with the same Ginnie again and again until it didn't work anymore. Sometimes I was successfull on both (the blue and the pink one). This was the best case, cause when the wind came and I didn't get to the mountain I wanted I knew which one I wanted to choose. I never tried the same Ginnie in the following round if it didn't show up.
-------


About the food choice task

What colour represents a health rating?
Orange
What colour represents a taste rating?
Green
Where on the screen are the health ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Lower half of the screen
Where on the screen are the taste ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Upper half of the screen


About the food choice task

Concerning my food choices…
I tried to keep to the health goal most of the time, but sometimes chose a better tasting, less healthy food
How difficult did you find the food ratings task?
easy
How difficult did you find the food choice task?
difficult: because 
-------
I agreed to choose the healthy ones but sometimes I really didn't like them so much
-------


About the whole experiment

Do you have any other feedback/issue/concern you would like to tell us about?


About the whole experiment

Thank you for participating in this experiment! Please make sure you completed the questionnaire,
then submit it below.


