About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: blue
Blue lamps
When you selected the symbol below, which lamps did you usually get?
Correct answer: pink
Pink lamps


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how well you understood the game.
4: perfectly
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how complex you thought the game was.
2
Please rate on a 0 to 4 scale how effortful playing the game was.
3


About the game you played in the fMRI scanner

Please describe in detail the strategy you used to make your choices in the game.
-------
If a genie came out of the lamp, I tried to chose that the same lamp again. So, I chosed the same carpet. But sometimes I chose the other carpet when I had the feeling that stong wind comes up.
When e genie didn't came out anymore, i swiched to anther lamp and so on...
-------


About the food choice task

What colour represents a health rating?
Green
What colour represents a taste rating?
Orange
Where on the screen are the health ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Lower half of the screen
Where on the screen are the taste ratings of the food items located if they are shown during decision trials?
Upper half of the screen


About the food choice task

Concerning my food choices…
I tried to keep to the health goal most of the time, but sometimes chose a better tasting, less healthy food
How difficult did you find the food ratings task?
not easy but not very difficult
How difficult did you find the food choice task?
not easy but not very difficult


About the whole experiment

Do you have any other feedback/issue/concern you would like to tell us about?
-------
The tastyrating depends on what time we have (morning, evening,...)
The heathyrating depends on how much (in gramm? or unit?) we eat.
-------


About the whole experiment

Thank you for participating in this experiment! Please make sure you completed the questionnaire,
then submit it below.


